Baoqiang, what are you really doing? Baoqiang,
Bao grab, you are so stupid, now hurry up and apologize to Quan Yip Lun,
I apologize to him, what can you do for me?
Don't hurry up, hurry up, hurry up, do you know what the whole industry is?
Now I am going to Dongfeng, and I have almost fought with you to my death.
Be careful about your identity,
He only needs to live longan for a second now, but whoever wants to find it can use it?
Wang Yihe, you are a boss kind of person,
Let Chaoming say, he is very human,
Just to save Longyan's life, you can't do anything to him,
But he has now exhausted Longyan's kindness,
You may no longer be human,
Wear it tight for me
You guys, let's hurry up and think about it first.
Immediately apologize to Chen Yeshou, Wang Yi.
You and we are enough to help you
What can I do for you?
It's him first
I didn’t know I was accompanying you to apologize.
Say hello to me and apologize to Wang Yi
He is a big fan of Wang
You can naturally be clean
Endless affairs with other identities
Even as big as you
I have to praise you for giving you a three-point guarantee.
Don't be overestimated
I don't care what your status is now
If you don't want to apologize to Chen Yeshou
Be careful, happy old seat